This lesson focuses on the role of security governance.
This is what puts the G in GRC.
Now, I'd say that
security governance professionals have the most wide ranging of all the GRC roles,
because there tends to be a lot of interaction
between this role in various levels of the organization.
I think you'll notice what I mean as we go.
We'll start this lesson with
a high level overview of what governance means to the organization.
Then we'll walk our way through the most important governance functions,
starting with strategic thinking, championing security,
and then we'll spend the rest of our time talking about how governance
interacts with operational security controls in designing measurement,
measurement and reporting, and policy and procedure management.